SOURCE
https://www.reddit.com/r/stevens/comments/1s0tapv/dorm_or_commute/

ORIGINAL POST
Dorm or commute

submitted 2 months ago by Specialist-Toe2915

I got accepted to the class of 2030, Im not sure if it is required to dorm or not for incoming freshmans, but in the case that it isnt required, would it be better for me to commute.

With dorming, tuition would be ≈28,500k, without dorming it would be ≈ 7,700k

My I live in Bergen county, and I have a train station in my area readily available, and it would like a 1 hour commute via train or a 40 minute car ride, which I can also do, due to having a license/car.

Im just stuck on this decision because its so stupid but I really want a cat and my mom promised me one if i commit to stevens (which i do want to go to as wel, I got in for Engineering undecidedbut ill probably choose mechnical with the aerspace certificate, its either that in Stevens or Engineering in Rutgers EOF Program), accidentally waited too long to submit eof form for Steven so I didnt get in through that. but if I choose to dorm I wont be able to see the cat only except in weekends but even thn it probably wont be close enough to me to actually love me and I think I would actually die on the spot without a kitty in college.

This is so dumb im sorry

COMMENTS
[–]miketerk21CS/M&T ‘28 2 months ago 

It’s up to you honestly. If your cat matters to you that much, then you should probably commute. I live on-campus, but I have a friend that has a 1 hour commute like you and he’s never had any problems with it other than getting home late sometimes.

Dorming isn’t required in your freshman year, and quite honestly I wouldn’t recommend it if you’re not given priority selection (given to disabled students and athletes, I believe). Some of the dorms here are really bad. I lived in Davis Hall my freshman year and, though I liked my roommate, I hated everything else. The common bathroom was the absolute worst. On the flipside, if you have priority selection or are rooming with someone that does, the Jonas and River dorms are fantastic.

[–]Percocet_Jackson 2 months ago 

I've been commuting for the past 4 years, never was an issue. I personally didn't care to dorm, I preferred having 1) my family home and 2) I love my bedroom and would rather not move an entire setup between semesters / breaks. I drove, and it look ~45 mins - 1 hr going and usually 30 mins back. I like driving, and I liked my route to Stevens, so waking up for 8am's or coming home after a 9:30pm class was never an issue. I also love cats, although I don't have one since my dad's allergic. On that note, I think you'd be happier coming home to your cat (and you're family, presumably) being home. And honestly the most important part...that price. ~20k more to dorm is crazy imo. The cost for gas, maintenance, and parking on campus will more likely than not be significantly cheaper. As the other comment(s) suggest, and from what I've heard / seen, not all the dorms are great. I think commuting guarantees you more happiness since you'll have your cat and you'll spend much less than ~20k commuting.

[–]Ok-Win7980Quantitative Social Science '28 2 months ago 

I think a better option than both is to get an off-campus apartment. Many of the freshman dorms are not that nice and you could get a decent off-campus apartment with a roommate for similar rent and keep your cat.

[–]Massive_Roll_5099 2 months ago 

I recommend dorming at least as a freshman. People who dorm often don't appreciate how much harder it is to integrate yourself into campus life as a commuter. Freshman year is absolutely critical for building friendships, exploring your place in the community, adjusting to the increased academic workload, etc. and dorming makes it much easier. You can easily choose to commute from sophomore or junior year onward to save money, have proximity to family/cat, etc

[–]oblongoboe 2 months ago 

Dorming isn’t required, but ask before you decide. We were told that it could reduce the amount of aid offered.

[–]Specialist-Toe2915[S] 2 months ago 

I called up the financial aid office and it does reduce it, The institutional (cast im guessing) aid does in fact get reduced. Im going to try and call my financial aid counselor today to see by how much it will get reduced by. Thanks for letting me know!!

[–]oblongoboe 2 months ago 

Of course! I’d want to know too!!!

[–]PossibleMembership64 1 month ago 

And by how much they did?