SOURCE
https://www.reddit.com/r/stevens/comments/1f54e7d/nj_transit_student_pass_assistance_needed/

ORIGINAL POST
NJ transit Student Pass assistance needed

submitted 1 year ago by SoftHeartedDreamermajor (ie CS, ME)

As the title suggests.. I am international student commuting for my classes via rails for NJ transit from Princeton to Hoboken (ik it's really far, but that the only option I have..kindly don't give response to move closer..)

And I am confused about the student pass options I am getting on NJ transit app, which is via Newark and Secaucus..idk which to choose and move ahead with and also like how good is the student pass because it is showing as 25% discounted price but I can only see it on the app for the same price as the original person..

Any suggestions from regular commuters or the-one-who-knows-about-this is appreciated

Thank-you!

COMMENTS
[–]Massive_Roll_5099 1 year ago 

NJ transit is also discounting regular passes for September only such that they're equivalent to the student rate. You should choose via Secaucus, since there's no consistent direct way from Newark Penn to Hoboken

[–]SoftHeartedDreamermajor (ie CS, ME)[S] 1 year ago 

Oh yeah I did look into that..and figured out the logistics.. Thanks for responding!

[–]Nunov_DAbov 1 year ago 

To get from Newark to Hoboken you would need to take the PATH. The light rail might be an option. A connection through Secaucus is easier and often faster.

[–]SoftHeartedDreamermajor (ie CS, ME)[S] 1 year ago 

Gotcha..will look into that.. Thanks!

[–][deleted] 1 year ago 

That's not too bad. I drive 1.5 hours each way to stevens because the train is out of the way and takes longer. You can take the North East Corridor to secaucus then find a train from Secaucus to Hoboken so you should get that monthly pass.

Train commute isn't as bad, you can sleep on the train, or work on homework and you don't have to be as focused as if you were driving. You won't really be losing hours if you get work done on the train.

In the event of a delay or problem, NEC to Newark Penn then Path from Newark Penn to Hoboken is also possible. Usually if there is an issue the Path people cross honor the NJ transit tickets.

[–]SoftHeartedDreamermajor (ie CS, ME)[S] 1 year ago 

Okay will look into that

[–]Legitimate-Rub-8896 1 year ago* 

Dude it’s a 2 hour commute when there isn’t traffic, it’s going to be a 3 hours one direction most days during rush hour, 4 hours when it’s really bad or there’s delays.

You are going to spend 6-8 hours a day on a train? Are you out of your mind?

You will fail out very quick

Some days you will have classes that start at 8am, have break during the day, then an evening class from 6-9pm. You will need to get on the train at 5am and you won’t get home until midnight. You will average about 3 hours of sleep per night. This is not a recipe for success. How much money are you spending on this degree? Will it be worth it if you fail the semester and have to pay twice?

Do you have some relatives forcing you to live in Princeton? Tell them they are going to ruin your chance at an education and a bright future. They are actively fucking you over

You will find yourself sleeping through morning classes, skipping evening classes, or falling asleep IN class. The human body simply doesn’t function without sleep, and even if you figure that out you will just end up hating the train after a while

I know you asked that I don’t suggest you move closer so I won’t. I suggest you drop out before you fail out, change school to one closer. Apply to TCNJ which also has great tech programs and is only 20 minutes away from Princeton. It also has a lower cost of attendance and great outcomes. Or apply to Rutgers which is 30 minutes away from Princeton, also a great school with great outcomes and a lower cost of attendance.

If you insist on stevens, I would insist you lease a car or buy a cheap one. This will cut 4-5 hours off your commute everyday, which is unspeakably worth it. Probably will need to get a part time job near campus to fill your time, have a place to go between classes, and help pay for a car. Maybe even instead of a car I would buy a van and put a mattress in the back. You could sleep on campus some days and drive home on others

I personally just wouldn’t commit to a student pass or any other kind of public transit pass for a regular commute of that distance. None of the options will seem worth it after a few days of that bs

To be 100% honest with you, I would rather stay at the homeless shelter or on the street during the week, rather than commute from Princeton to Stevens everyday.

[–]SoftHeartedDreamermajor (ie CS, ME)[S] 1 year ago 

Oh man, this sounds like the worst part of it.

Fortunately, I have not been gone through any of it, but yeah, I will keep these thoughts in the back of mind for the worst-case scenario.

Thanks, man!