SOURCE
https://www.walkscore.com/NJ/Hoboken

CONTENT
Living in Hoboken
Hoboken Apartments for Rent
map of Hoboken apartments for rent
97 Walk Score of Hoboken, NJ
74 Transit Score of Hoboken, NJ
78 Bike Score of Hoboken, NJ
Hoboken has an average Walk Score of 97 with 50,005 residents.

Hoboken has excellent public transportation and is very bikeable. 

97 Walk Score of Hoboken, NJ
Hoboken is a Walker’s Paradise
Daily errands do not require a car.

United States New Jersey Hoboken
Madison Bar & Grill
1 Republik
Hoboken has an average Walk Score of 97 with 50,005 residents.

Hoboken has excellent public transportation and is very bikeable.

Hoboken Apartments for Rent
Hoboken Homes for Sale
Search for apartments in Hoboken or check out apartments in other Hoboken neighborhoods. Links will open on our partner site Redfin.com.

Chelsea, Hoboken apartments for rent
Downtown, Hoboken apartments for rent
Downtown Jersey City, Hoboken apartments for rent
Downtown Union City, Hoboken apartments for rent
Heights, Hoboken apartments for rent
Hudson City, Hoboken apartments for rent
Midtown Bloomfield, Hoboken apartments for rent
Midtown Manhattan, Hoboken apartments for rent
Mount Pleasant, Hoboken apartments for rent
Newport, Hoboken apartments for rent
North East Hoboken, Hoboken apartments for rent
Northwest Hoboken, Hoboken apartments for rent
Shipyard, Hoboken apartments for rent
Southeast Hoboken, Hoboken apartments for rent
Southwest Hoboken, Hoboken apartments for rent
The Waterfront, Hoboken apartments for rent
Washington Street, Hoboken apartments for rent
Washington Village, Hoboken apartments for rent
Waverly, Hoboken apartments for rent
West Village, Hoboken apartments for rent

Nearby Cities
Edgewater Apartments Tappan Apartments Kean University Apartments Pines Lake Apartments North Bergen Apartments Harbor Hills Apartments Springfield Apartments Wallington Apartments Allendale Apartments Llewellyn Park Apartments

Eating & Drinking
There are about 253 restaurants, bars and coffee shops in Hoboken.

People in Hoboken can walk to an average of 15 restaurants, bars and coffee shops in 5 minutes.

Mamoun’s Falafel
Benny Tudino's
Restaurant Choices Map
= More Choices



The Madison Bar and Grill is filled with an ambiance and class that is usually reserved for Manhattan eateries. The formal dining room is cleverly decorated in a 1940s style reminiscent of a chic roadside inn. The décor works an evocative, magical mood, with bare wood floors, wainscoted walls, soft lighting and subtle touches from a bygone era.

Kashyap Joshi
on Madison Bar & Grill

74 Transit Score of Hoboken, NJ
Hoboken has Excellent Transit
Transit is convenient for most trips. Find Hoboken apartments for rent on Redfin.

Public Transit Routes
Hoboken has excellent public transportation and about 7 bus, 11 rail and 1 light rail lines.

Transit Time
The map above shows how far you can travel in 30 minutes from Hoboken on public transit.

Neighborhood Guides
Thinking of renting an apartment or buying in Hoboken? Ask our neighborhood guides a question.


Kashyap Joshi

Madison Bar & Grill
1 Republik
800 Madison St
78 Bike Score of Hoboken, NJ
Hoboken is Very Bikeable
Biking is convenient for most trips.

800 Madison St
Hoboken Terminal
River St
Hoboken South Waterfront
Benny Tudino's
7-Eleven

Conveniently located in the heart of Hoboken, on Washington Street between 2nd and 3rd. With OVER 30 big screens and plasmas surrounding the enormous island bar, it will be hard to miss any sporting action. Our full food menu includes everything from casual pub fare to fine dining entrees. Feel free to bring your friends and family for a truly unique dining experience.

Kashyap Joshi
on 1 Republik

800 Madison St
Hoboken Daily News
Hoboken Police Department
The Melting Pot of Hoboken

Hoboken Terminal is one of the New York Metropolitan area's major transportation hubs. The commuter-oriented intermodal facility is located on the Hudson River in Hoboken, Hudson County, New Jersey

Kashyap Joshi
on Hoboken Terminal

Hoboken is Talking About...
pier a park play fireworks bar carlo's city hall bake shop food pier 13 drink sleep dinner eat hoboken waterfront beer coffee run god party walk maxwell's jersey
Hoboken is all about:


Situated in the heart of Greenwich Village in New York City, Mamoun’s Falafel has been serving high quality Middle Eastern Food since it first opened its doors to the public in 1971. It is the oldest falafel restaurant in New York and one of the first Middle Eastern establishments in the United States. Best Falafel in hoboken and even in New York. They literally have lines up to 70 people (thats nearly 2 blocks of people waiting) You wont even know if its Black Friday or not!

Kashyap Joshi
on Mamoun’s Falafel
